# 18-2-5
a little conclusion about the recent studying experiences
  Well, i have to admit that i'm kind of lazy and frustrated these days. First i'll look back to the past two month, in December i finished most of my university's compulsory lessons, at that time, i promised that i have been working hard to review all of my subjects because of facing the pressure of the coming exams. Then in January, i did carefully in my exams during 1.1 to 1.8, then came to Nanjing to meet my senior school classmates, after that i went back to Tongling. And during 1.17 to 1.22, i visted my uncle in Shenzhen, and went to Macau and Hongkong by the way.
  Now i am supposed to anylize the my study based on the result of the tests, i did well on Math and got 97, this is a sweet score and i should keep a wonderful style on the math learning like before, then is linear algebra, i got 84, from this kind of disappointed result,  i knew that we should pay 200 percent to the details of the knowledge even if they are boring and simple. As for english, it was exactly a shame score, and this really taught me a lesson since i would never look down on the subject i'm good at, pay more attention to all the corners of the english books. The last is the Sixiu and Mehchanical drawing, i got 78 and 81, these two bad scores let me know that i should act much more active in the teachers' lessons, and try to keep close relationship with them.
  Then i need to talk about this winter vacation, i felt really frustrated during the past 20 days, everyday the amount of the learning mission i finished was less than what i expected. Since i had designed what i would do in this vacation, they are keep learning math, starting to concret and improve my computer science skills, learning the mathmatical modeling and so on.
  Since then, i need to improve my working efficiency and try to finish my target everyday, learn more from every aspects to make myself a better guy.
